the sunrise is a beautiful infinite
occurrence in a great way to kick off my
time here to Curacao is I'm hanging out
here at wonderful Beach Curacao yeah I'm
here in Curacao it's part of the ABC
group the a for Aruba beef Ivana
you know what the C stands for and with
the island comprised of more than 55
nationalities speaking four languages of
English Dutch popular Minto in Spanish
Kuras out the perfect place for a global
adventure
worldwide mates I'm a professional eater
my first love is food when I visit a
destination I like to eat and explore I
like to eat again and then explore
sometimes I may eat a couple times
before I explore so right now
let's go in my first stop was Zeus the
plaza unfortunately I got a chance to
meet the very sweet owner in the
cherylin she has been in business for
over 50 years cooking local comfort
style food using recipes her mother
taught her that is a long time to be in
business and by the look of the crowd
word has spread to a variety of folks
about her cooking she was kind enough to
prepare me a plate of mixed rice
plantings veggies with a mix of mahi
filet and goat I just had to be
respectful and eat every bite next stop
museum core who londa an anthropological
Museum that focuses on the predominant
cultures of curacao the museum educated
me about West African empires and
provide a context to the magnitude of
the African slave trade these were
shadows
probably all the slaves fetuses will be
white for Honor's with these at a shack
with this lady be change some get here
ignore the slave trade this is pretty
eerie that human beings would be
strapped to hiring change like this
heard it off like animals like cattle
from one continent to another from the
homeland
nice to see you welcome to customer
beach thank you thank you it's beautiful
here I love it it's like very very chill
relaxing I took this is delicious this
is the Blue Curacao yeah everywhere the
bars all around the world yeah so
Curacao is with the global yeah that's
that's the next stop is greenhouse for
Lebanese food the menu here is huge with
the selection Ranger from salads burgers
burritos
shwarma meat and fish but the owners of
from Lebanon so I ordered hummus wrap
grape leaves and chicken Shuang the
hummus was light and not too heavy the
grape leaves were sweet and the tender
chicken was perfectly seasoned road trip
now I'm headed to West Point to try yo
cheese famous iguanas su-yong cheese has
been in business since 1936 when his
mother started the business after being
shipwrecked on Curacao traveling from
Bonaire before he was born
yawn she also gave me some insight about
iguanas sort of fire
Pinet Beach is arguably the best beach
in Curacao a small Enclave white sand
palm trees and clear waters are some
pretty good stats also a friendly beach
goer told me about a great cliff diving
spot temporarily with no more room to
eat or with scuba diving ocean
encounters and my dive master David help
me kick the rust during my two dives at
Smokey's and I experienced my best dive
ever at booby trap staying underwater
for fifty minutes during this dive I was
able to fully enjoy the marine life and
taking the entire beauty of the reef the
quintessential word to describe this
whole adventure is phenomenal Curacao
has been amazing I've been hopping
around beaches people have been great
here in two different languages from
Dutch to English Spanish the popular
mentos up this place is absolutely
yeah